You are very rare now, ah?
For a little girl
Almost killed my fate
You are really a good grandson of our Shen family.
Not because of him
It's me who can't see him get a little hurt
I haven't said you have a relationship with that girl yet
You can maintain it first.
I'm just afraid you'll say he's not good.
I married him too
Grandpa
You've always been a kid with ideas
9 cows can't pull you around
That's all.
Take good care of yourself
Hahaha
Bring that girl home for dinner in a few days
Your grandfather's father was actually a very kind old man
You don't have to be nervous.
Just send it to yourself.
I will definitely play the role of Mr. Shen's fiancée
Mr. Shen, don't worry.
Did he think I was acting for grandpa on purpose?
I'm okay.
Thanks.
Actually I'll go
The old man should be in a hurry.
Hahahaha hey
You are welcome You are welcome
Come, come, eat, eat, eat
Use me as a stand-in
You want me to help you act?
It's easy to bully me when I study